[ML] Adjust docs for distributed model allocation (#87955)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/trained-models/apis/start-trained-model-deployment.asciidoc

[[start-trained-model-deployment-desc]]
== {api-description-title}

Currently only `pytorch` models are supported for deployment. Once deployed
the model can be used by the <<inference-processor,{infer-cap} processor>>
in an ingest pipeline or directly in the <<infer-trained-model>> API.

Scaling inference performance can be achieved by setting the parameters
`number_of_allocations` and `threads_per_allocation`.

> Increasing `threads_per_allocation` means more threads will be used when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increasing `threads_per_allocation` means more threads are used when
```

an inference request is processed on a node. This can improve inference speed
for certain models. It may also result in improvement to throughput.

> Increasing `number_of_allocations` means more threads will be used in order
> to process multiple inference requests in parallel resulting in throughput

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increasing `number_of_allocations` means more threads are used to 
process multiple inference requests in parallel resulting in throughput
```

improvement. Each model allocation uses a number of threads defined by
`threads_per_allocation`.

Model allocations are distributed across {ml} nodes. All allocations assigned

> to a node share the same copy of the model in memory. In order to avoid

Reviewer: Nit. Just to make the sentence a bit simpler and shorter.
```suggestion
to a node share the same copy of the model in memory. To avoid
```
